I will apologize to you in person.
A word is a promise
oops
Where is such a check?
This silver
Are you trying to kill our family?
Lin Feng, is this check of yours real or fake?
If it's fake
He won't even let you go.
Xiaojing, is this check real or fake?
You can call the bank next week and ask
The phone is on the back.
Hum
I want to see how you put this on today.
bank
The bank person replied,
What did you say
The bank said the check was valid.
and
This is a wordless check that only the Supreme VIP can write.
What? This is impossible.
What about the amount? Is the amount true?
true
The amount is true hahaha
It seems you lost.
Hey, hey, hey, get up
The money has been paid back
Okay, they can go.
What did you leave behind?